# Prompt Engineering Challenge

## Description

Classify if a job is suitable for a fresher or not from the job description 
using LLM using prompt engineering.

## Public leaderboard

TODO

## How to participate?

!!! tip "TLDR"
     Fork and star the [llm_seminar_series](https://github.com/infocusp/llm_seminar_series)
     repo, add your submission in `llm_seminar_series/session_2/challenge` dir 
     and raise a pull request.


1. Fork the [llm_seminar_series](https://github.com/infocusp/llm_seminar_series) 
   repo and open it in github codespaces or clone locally.
2. Go to `llm_seminar_series/session_2/challenge` dir and run the evaluation
   script to test the `"baseline"` prompt as shown below.

    ```bash
    # Change the present working dir
    cd session_2/challenge

    # Run baseline evaluation
    python3 -m scripts.evaluate --prompt="baseline"
    ```

3. To submit your own prompt, make a copy of `submissions/baseline.py`  and 
   change the name of the prompt from `baseline` to something else which
   describes your prompt. E.g,
   
    ```python
    # file: submissions/name_of_your_prompt.py
    
    @registry.register("name_of_your_prompt")
    class NameOfYourPrompt(base.PromptSubmission):
        ...
    ```

    Also change the class name and register it with a new name (can be same as the
    filename.)

4. Update the `build_prompt` and `parse_response` method.

      - The `build_prompt` method must take job description as input and create a
      prompt for the llm.

      - The `parse_response` method must post process the output
      generated by the llm and return a boolean value.

         - `True`: If the job description is for a fresher level job.
         - `False`: If the job description is for an expert level job.


6. Run the evaluation locally using your new prompt and check the results.

      ```bash
      python3 -m scripts.evaluate --prompt="name_of_your_prompt"
      ```

7.  Push your changes to the forked repo and create a pull request.

    - Add your changes: ```git add submissions/name_of_your_prompt.py```
    - Commit your changes: ```git commit -m "write a commit message"```
    - Push your changes to your forked repo: ```git push``` 
    - Star the [original repo](https://github.com/infocusp/llm_seminar_series)
      (mandatory for submission) and raise a pull request from github to submit
      your prompt.

8. Congratulations 🎉, once a repo maintainer approves your submission and merges
   your PR, your rank based on a private test set will be published on the
   public leader board.

!!! note
     You can test your prompt on your own samples by adding new files under
     `sample_inputs` dir. The file name must ends with `"yes.txt"` if the JD is
     for a fresher, otherwise it should end with `"no.txt"`. Do not commit 
     these files.